I am going to make black gram donuts or
Elune do a day for this recipe I'm using
250 grams of black gram flour or undo
flour or wood dal flour then one onion i
finely chopped that curry leaves and a
little bit of paper some green chilies
and a little bit of water that depends
on the the flour and you had to mix it
with the water and just a little bit of
half a teaspoon of bicarb father and I
am using half a cup of fresh coconut
this is normally not added in Indian
recipes but in Sri Lanka you can find
when you make this body you add a little
bit of coconut and it gives a nice
texture as well as a flavor so to start
this I'm going to add the coconut curry
leaves and the pepper then onions
chilies and the flour salt always to
your taste and 1/2 teaspoon of bicarb
I'm going to add water and make it to a
smooth nice dough
I mix the dough so I'm going to leave
this to rest half an hour before I fry
this and I'll show you how to do that
next after mixing I left it to rest
about 30 minutes and to do this you have
to wet your hands or to oil your hands
or to add some flour on your hands then
take a spoon full of the mix because I
use the Rudolf flour so it is really a
nice and smooth dough but if you are
using the seeds the wood that then you
soak it about 6-7 hours and after that
you had to drain it properly or leave it
on papers to get the old water out and
then blend it and it will be little
runnier than this so to do this just
press the ball or deer palm it is little
sticky so and make a hole in the middle
like this and put it in the hot oil
the oil is hot so I'm going to add the
prepared one day into the oil and cook
this until it's golden-brown when you
are cooking it make sure you turn it all
the time to cook both side evenly now
they are really nice and golden brown so
I'm going to take this out if you have
time make sure you do this in the
morning and if you do it after several
hours it will be really nice and these
are the black gram donuts or on the body
and I hope you will enjoy this and it is
really nice if you serve this with
coconut chutney and I have already
uploaded one media if you don't know how
to do it so hope you will enjoy thank
you for watching